CMS folder cleaning - Pt 1 (#746)
magento/merchdocs: src/cms/page-builder-workspace.md

Each content container on the stage has a toolbox of options. The options vary by content type, but typically include Move, Settings, Hide/Show, Duplicate, and Remove.

### Show the toolbox

> Hover over the container and choose an option from the toolbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hover over the container to display the toolbox and choose an option.
```

![]({% link images/images-ee/page-builder-tutorial1-row-toolbox.png %}){: .zoom}
_Row toolbox options_

### Toolbox options

| Option    | Icon                                     | Description  |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| Move      | ![]({% link images/images-ee/icon-pb-move.png %}) | Moves the current content container to another position on the stage. |
| Add       | ![]({% link images/images-ee/icon-pb-add.png %}) | Adds children elements such as a button, slide, or tab. |
| (label)   | Row          | Identifies the container content type.|
| Settings  | ![]({% link images/images-ee/icon-pb-settings.png %}) | Opens the content container properties in edit mode. |
| Hide      | ![]({% link images/images-ee/icon-pb-hide.png %}) | Hides the current content container.|
| Show      | ![]({% link images/images-ee/icon-pb-show.png %})| Shows the current content container.|

> | Duplicate | ![]({% link images/images-ee/icon-pb-duplicate.png %}) | Makes a duplicate copy of the current content container. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Duplicate | ![]({% link images/images-ee/icon-pb-duplicate.png %}) | Makes a copy of the current content container. |
```
